
Comments - I have fixed DCO using github desktop and VS Code (many thanks to 
Jack Jia and Nick for help) on several of the past meeting agendas but I still need to 
provide links to past Zoom recordings. I am mentioning this to give heads up that I will 
need assistance in approving past agendas when I get this complete. (This is one step to address
the ZLC's meetings in item https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/189 ) I'd like ZLC to lead
by example and then work with the squds on how to improve. 

1) I've asked John Davies to educate us and demo the Fingerprint code in 1.14. This is a piece of 
Vendor Support Conformance. https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/182 

2) Peter has raised issue to be discussed https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/211 

3) Full disclosure to the ZLC - Joe W and I have have emails and conversations with OMP intern
working on a RMF parser. We can discuss if this makes sense for Zowe. Very early stages but
welcome other opinions on if we are interested. 
https://github.com/openmainframeproject-internship/Zowe-Parsing-Engine-for-SMF-or-RMF-PP-Reports

4) Zowe metrics reporting - Taylor Donnor is transitioning to a new role and phasing off Zowe. If there
is anyone interested in getting involved with compiling the metrics report that he has created each 
month let me know. IBM is looking to have part-time intern help (Elizabeth Guo). 

5) SHARE - any comments on sessions so far? 

6) Thanks Rose for beginning to think about 3Q or 4Q event with OMP - https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/210 

7) Open Mainframe Summit - https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-mainframe-summit/ The virtual event takes place September 16-17 and
will feature Ross Mauri, General Manager of IBM Z and LinuxONE at IBM; Greg Lotko,
Senior Vice President and General Manager, Mainframe Division of Broadcom; Brian
Behlendorf, Executive Director of Hyperledger; and The Linux Foundationâ€™s Jim Zemlin,
Executive Director, and John Mertic, Director of Program Management.

And anything else folks want to discuss ....
