
Thanks Joe for chairing last week - I did listen to the recording - sounds like good discussion and info sharing. I posted the pointer
to the recording in the meeting agenda file as the record of the discussion. 
Past Agenda (Recording): https://github.com/zowe/zlc/blob/armstro-patch-4/meetings/2020-11-04%20ZLC%20Agenda

1) Next steps for TSC - follow up to some email discussion 
    - I think there are actions needing done
        - Squad votes on initial members of the TCS - https://github.com/zowe/community/blob/master/Technical-Steering-Committee/TSCMEMBERS.csv
            - Three seats TBD 
            - Issue of keeping 50% limit from one company 
        - Clean up of the committers file by the squads for pool of eligible voters - deadline was Nov 6 - I consider this complete 
            - https://github.com/zowe/community/blob/master/COMMITTERS.csv
            - I recommend the definition of committer/contributor and the automation of the file be a TSC topic after TSC is formed 
    - TSC to finalize charter? 
    - Community to vote on charter? 

2) Google Drive update - I went ahead and added everyone on the ZLC as an editor for the drive. I think the next steps for us 
are adding squad leads and putting brief guidance in place on Drive contents/organization/use. Thanks, -Mark

3) Zowe.org updates - I want to be sure ZLC is aware of zowe.org site changes https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/issues/1471 
    - Do we know target date? (See Docker item below)

4) Docker beta planned for 1.18 
    - Status of code? Target date? 
        - What I heard last week - Linux Intel and AMD, Linux on Z 
        - Docker hub and tar file format 
               - My understanding is there are a couple Docker Hub sites? Maybe Mark can clarify. 
        - Known limitations - No Keyring support and no HA 
        - Caching API to be in 1.18 but not yet VSAM (and VSAM does not make sense for Docker anyway) 
 
    - I heard question about how to advertise the beta on zowe.org? 

5) https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/217# - Rose - do we need input from squads for topics? Survey? How can we help? 

            Zowe Quarterly Webinar Details so far:

            Date: January 20, 2021 at 1130 ET
            Registration Link: https://bit.ly/3mbTAwq

            Highlight Topic: TBD
            Highlight Squad: Proposing DOC SQUAD to review Website Updates?

            General News:
            Zowe Survey [overview, where to find it? etc.]
            PI Planning
            Other Community Events
            Polls
            Customer(s) or New Onboarders Spotlight



6) https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues

