


1) Any fires needing brought to the ZLC attention? Status of 1.16? 

2) Any feedback from PI Planning? One thing I heard was HA testing would not use Marist - did we ask them? 
I assume prime need is shared VSAM? 

3) Follow up re topic from John on update to committers file - do we want to create issue to automate process - If
so who to own - https://github.com/zowe/community/pull/761 

3) Any feedback from Peter or others on update on TSC - https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/183  
https://github.com/zowe/community/blob/master/Technical-Steering-Committee/charter.md

4) Let's run through open issues - https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues 

5) Oct 14 Webinar - status? Here is registration page https://zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_EcUPegMsSQyvEUlr43QEng 






