
1) Request from Robert A Dahlberg <dahlbergra@vcu.edu that went to omp technical dist list and John
forwarded to ZLC private: 

        We have a need for some student projects for Western University in Ontario.
        They want to participate in our Projects for credit.  
        If you have projects needing staffing, and are interested in mentoring a student 
        (maybe once a week to give guidance) please let me know, ASAP.  The new semester starts soon.  
        Just an hour a week or every other week  -  @15 weeks.   August to the end of November.

        WU has 2 students interested in projects in the Fall and 4 interested in Spring Projects. 

        We anticipate the demand for more projects will grow, as universities are looking to expand 
        their workforce development programs and industry projects are needed.

        Good way to get your project some much needed resources.  These students will be vetted, 
        only the top students will be granted an opportunity to participate.

        Please let me know ASAP or if you have any questions.

Ideas on squads that could help? 

2) Need to close on https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/210 - for 3Q OMP event - some different views on 
what we want the frequency and duration to be. 
Details:

    Will Kick-off in October, tentative Wed Oct 14, 11:30 EST
    Will then reoccur 2nd Weds of the middle month in the next quarter (Feb 10th) --, 11:30 EST
    Will be limited to 45 minutes....60 mins? 
    Will be recorded
    Will be able to conduct short polls / surveys during the meeting
    OMP will post to YouTube and can transcribe as a Blog Post
    Chris will add to OMP Webinar Calendar and will announce at OMS

3) Request from Mae: I’m preparing a news package for Open Mainframe Summit 
(hopefully, you all are already registered!) and wanted to check in to see if 
Zowe had any new updates or milestones that we should include in the press release. 
 
Please let me know if you have anything by EOD Friday, August 21. 

Do we use the Summit to kick off the Zowe Webinar series? 

4) Proposed creation of the TSC: https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/183 - let's get this moving. Discuss
for today 

5) Mini-ZLC working session on Support Conformance Criteria 25th when Peter F is back 

6) SHARE - https://smithbucklin.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_CyK0xBrYRAycYayNArxupg 
August 26 from 12:15 p.m. – 3:00 p.m. CDT. 
Speaker links in the calendar invite 
I have asked how the registration count is going 

7) Mark - any update from Marist meeting? 

8) New OMP project being formed https://genevaers.org/ in "analytics" space using Db2 for z/OS. MAYBE They
will be interested in using Zowe technology in the future - for now some of us have spoken to 
them about startup. 

And any other topics folks want to bring up......

