
Peter F will join at the bottom of the hour ....

1) TSC approved - John to host kickoff meeting to get the team moving - I consider voting on 1.18 readiness as their action now

2) Zebra incubator approved - I informed Alex and Salisu this morning via email - I think next step is getting code in Zowe repo 
with proper scans. I plan to socialize the project (subproject?) to try to get more resource on the effort. 

3) SHARE - I am told 11 Zowe sessions submitted for Open Source track - the track is allowed 8 25 min sessions. The GUESS is we (Zowe)
will have 5-6 of the 8 sessions (note 25 min in duartion). I have asked that before decline emails are sent to rejected session that 
we have opportunity to propose an OMP webinar. 

4) Rose - how we doing for Jan Zowe Quarterly Session? To the ZLC are there survey questions we want to ask?  
Please use this link: https://ibm.box.com/s/2asdvj0ca6mqkhozumha43dpy7vfn2m5 to the BOX folder.  
Once you arrive at the folder, locate your Squad's document, follow the instructions at the top.  
Deadline for questions is 12/15.

5) New issue - Future of ZLC https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/220  I'd like to discuss this a little to brainstorm 

6) General question to the team - what happened to https://www.zowe.org/ updates? overview video? inclusion of Zowe Explorer on 
main page. Just asking. 

7) https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues 

8) Reminder - next week ZLC meeting is last of the year - I will cancel 23rd and 30th. 