Happy New Year everyone 

1) 1.18 approved this morning - thanks for everyone making this happen. (If John on the call I think we still need Steve Winslow to
bless the legal aspect of Docker.)

2) SHARE - I was told that SHARE opened additional session slots (but only 25 mins in duration) so I am waiting to see how many sessions
are now accepted to know how many we may have for an OMP event. I have heard of one so far (session “Understanding token based security 
in Zowe”) was not accepted since not able to fit into time slot.  

3) Rose - Do you need any help with survey questions? https://ibm.box.com/s/2asdvj0ca6mqkhozumha43dpy7vfn2m5 to the BOX folder.  What
help is needed for the Jan 20 webinar? 

4) TSC - my understanding is we have three co chairs - Jakub (internal), Mike B.(external) and Sean (TAC) - each with different areas of focus. Sean is rep to OMP
TAC. 

5) Future of ZLC https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/220  I suggested a ZLC working session week of Jan 18th - short version of what I am
thinking: 
- Technical members of ZLC move to TSC (opening 3 voting seats)
- One of those three voting seats is filled by TSC leader (who is TBD)
- We offer 2 open seats to others in the community 
- ZLC is to be revoted in Feb as terms expire 
- Charter of ZLC be adjusted (keep incubator approval, and themes/hills for PI Planning, add more work with 
OMP - events, marketing, partnerships with other projects). This charter to be done in cooperation with TSC to avoid overlap. Policy
on active members (for example) and creation on new projects/new repo (code contrib but not part of build). 
- Seek for diversity 

6) I need to get back to the end of year blog on 2020 accomplishements - Peter, Rose, Joe I still ask for your help. 

7) If there is time https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues and move some to TSC issues 

Any other topics? 

